# Pedro Segura personal webpage

Hi!

Thanks for visiting. 

## Sections

* [Here is the link to the Github Pages version](https://nicolas-van.github.io/easy-markdown-to-github-pages/)

* [Interesting links](https://pa-segura.github.io/LINKS) 

* [About me / CV](https://pa-segura.github.io/AboutMe-CV) 


## New interesting additions:

* [One addition](https://pa-segura.github.io/LICENSE) 

This is a test text resume of a post or something like that. This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text

* [Another one addition](https://pa-segura.github.io/LICENSE) 

This is a test text resume of a post or something like that. This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a
test text This is a test text This is a test text This is a test text
This is a test text

